README.md, before:

# glua-vscode-langserver-generator

Generates Intellisense documentations for Garry's mod in [VSCode's lua language server](https://github.com/sumneko/vscode-lua).

  Currently supports:
  

 - [x] Libraries
 - [x] Globals
 - [x] Objects
 - [ ] Panels
 - [ ] Enums

## Steps to Produce
You may build the [Lua Language Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sumneko.lua) without installing it, and include the generated language files into your Language Server. However, there is no difference since the language server is not compiled, rather bundled with the extension.

1. Install [Lua Language Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sumneko.lua).
2. Install [GMod Wiki Scrapper](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gmod-wiki-scraper).
3. Run `gmod-wiki-scrapper` in your command-line and wait for the process to finish downloading files.
4. Rename `output` directory to `input`, and move it to your cloned directory (Same level as `Cargo.toml`).
5. Run the program: 
<br />`cargo run`
6. Copy and replace the generated folders inside `data` folder, into language server:
<br />`{vscode user directory}/extensions/sumneko.lua-0.xx.x/server/`
7. Start Visual Studio, and try all the GLua docs in your intellisense.

Commit message:

Added partial enums support (As global variables)
- Enums are now a part of globals and have "Enums.lni" file. However, they are not suggested
based on the method that you are using, they are just global variables in code completion and
are not related to any methods.
- Reformated code using `cargo fmt`.

README.md, after:

# glua-vscode-langserver-generator

Generates Intellisense documentations for Garry's mod in [VSCode's lua language server](https://github.com/sumneko/vscode-lua).

  Currently supports:
  

 - [x] Libraries
 - [x] Globals
 - [x] Objects
 - [ ] Panels
 - [x] Enums (**partial support:** only variables are inclued as globals in code completion, no suggestions based on methods.)

## Steps to Produce
You may build the [Lua Language Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sumneko.lua) without installing it, and include the generated language files into your Language Server. However, there is no difference since the language server is not compiled, rather bundled with the extension.

1. Install [Lua Language Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sumneko.lua).
2. Install [GMod Wiki Scrapper](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gmod-wiki-scraper).
3. Run `gmod-wiki-scrapper` in your command-line and wait for the process to finish downloading files.
4. Rename `output` directory to `input`, and move it to your cloned directory (Same level as `Cargo.toml`).
5. Run the program: 
<br />`cargo run`
6. Copy and replace the generated folders inside `data` folder, into language server:
<br />`{vscode user directory}/extensions/sumneko.lua-0.xx.x/server/`
7. Start Visual Studio, and try all the GLua docs in your intellisense.
